<h1>Pale Moon Add-ons Site</h1>

<h3>What are Add-ons?</h3>
<p>Add-ons let you customize Pale Moon with extra functionality or a different look.</p>
<p>There are <em>several</em> types of add-ons. <em>Extensions</em> expand the capabilities of the browser, <em>themes</em> allow you to personalize Pale Moon's visual aesthetic, and <em>plugins</em> further extend the browser with specialized external components such as the <a href="http://get.adobe.com/flashplayer/" target="_blank">Adobe Flash Player</a>.</p>

<!--
<h3>Search (Engine) Plugins</h3>
<p>Looking for that Google Search plugin? Perhaps you want to easily search YouTube or just want to ask why Ask.com got rid of Jeeves from your browser's search box. Head over <a href="/search-plugins/">here</a> to grab your favorite search plugin. More are on the way so check back frequently!</p>
-->

<h3>Language Packs</h3>
<p>¿Habla español? Parlez-vous français? You can find these and many more to solve your linguistic needs <a href="/language-packs/">here</a>.</p>

<!--
<h3>Want your add-on listed here?</h3>
<p>If you are a developer and want to have your add-on listed on the Pale Moon Add-ons Site, please checkout our <strong>BRAND NEW</strong> self-service <a href="/panel/" target="_blank">panel</a>!</p>
-->

<h3>Pale Moon's Add-ons Support has changed. Again.</h3>
<p>
  Starting with Pale Moon 30.0.0 technological support for unmaintained Firefox Extensions has been restored. 
</p>
<p>  
  This was accomplished by changing Pale Moon's internal application ID to the original Firefox identifier. Going forward, the ID that Pale Moon 25-29 used will no longer be valid.
</p>
<p>
  For more information, please see <a href="https://forum.palemoon.org/viewtopic.php?f=1&t=27831#p223816" target="_blank">the announcement</a> on the Pale Moon forums.
</p>
<p>
  <small><em><strong>Please note:</strong> The offerings and features of the new Add-ons Site Service will initially be limited. This is a temporary condition due the Milestone (30.0.0) release being pushed up to address a critical security vulnerability affecting then-current and older versions.</em></small>
</p>
